# Module_6_Challenge
This repository contains the code for my FinTech Bootcamp module 6 challenge.
This code is analyzing the housing units, rental income and sale price per square foot in the different neighborhoods in the city of San Fransicso.
In this code we utilize the pandas software and use interactive charts, plots and maps using hvplots.
In part one of this code we create a dataframe and create an interactive bar graph to analyze the number of housing units in San Francisco. The bar graph/plot shows the trend of housing units from the year 2010-2016. When you hover over the individual bars, it will tell you the year being illustrated, variable which is the number of housing units and then the value.
In Part 2 we create two line plots to analyze the trends in gross rental income and sale price per square foot. In the first line plot all of the data for the city of San Francisco as a whole. This shows overall trends in the gross rental income and the sale price per square foot. In the second line plot of part two, we added an interactive feature that breaks the data down by neighborhood. On the right side of the plot, there is a drop down menu which has a list of all the neighborhoods/areas within the city of San Francisco. Once you select the neighborhood that you are interested in, you can then see the data and trends in gross rental income and sale price per square foot.
In Part 3 we cretae an interactive neighborhood map. This map shows a geographical view of the city of San Francisco. On this map there are blue bubbles that are different shades to show the differing values of gross rental income and sale price per square foot. The data for each neighborhood can be seen by hovering over each bubble.
The program used to create this code was JuypterLab.
